-- sorted feedback --
Sound doesn’t loop in poem room
Love note time too short
Didn’t notice the check your phone notification
Battles were the least interesting/waiting because of the repetition
Pop quiz character limit wasn’t the same as what you can see in the game
Shorten battles?
In battle, show “Tyler used “” as suggested by “” “ to give players more credit - Character used attack
Possibly shorten the cool down timer to 5 seconds?
Make notification to pay attention to your phone bigger or more noticeable, people missed it
“Please wait” add “for other players to submit their answers”
Love notes have serial killer font
Raam is interested in fixing:
    - IP address issue
    - Boring from waiting
Letting people talk after they put in their answer?
Check your phone has a countdown timer
Talking during battle or emojis or soundboard
Love letter was cut off due to Moshe getting back too early


-- Todos --
- Make a list of bugs/fixes
    - Double cursor
    - Balance Music
    - Pink menus in school area and pink heart pointer
- Final battle textbox remove portraits
- Anime message, text box and pointer into game
- Characters speak outloud in japanese during anime section (words in english)
- Enemy attack animations!
- Final battle announce final attack - like "VILLIAN USES SUPER NOVA" 

-- Add for fun --
Anime intro, gazing up and down each character
Make hallways puzzle tricker
Enemy attack animations and sounds
Make joystick work instead of d-pad (https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/tutorials/inputs/controllers_gamepads_joysticks.html)
Tyler gets money after battle
Poem room more fun?
Menu sounds - clicking, choosing
Footsteps
Jury/court room ending, players get sent back to dungeon
Real winner, who has most Tyler points is safe from jail
Fake HP bar
More attacks ideas:
    - Cleo scratch attack
    - Sonic fullscreen attack





-- Order of Events --
Bathroom
Hallway, bell rings
Classroom
Introduce self
Lunch - write love notes
Back to classroom
Check yes on notes or not
Tyler quiz
Class ends
Confession
Last battle
Ride off into sunset
End game

-- Dice roll effects -- This could be a soundboard instead?
Reverse controls
Speed up
Slow down
Tunnel Vision
Fireworks
Slippery Movement
Sanic + Greenhill Music
Drunk Mode
Fart noise every step
One on one
Bullet Hell, rain down on screen, tyler needs to dodge
Rickroll
Camera stops following Tyler
Spawns a ton of crates
Spawns banana peels
Random bonus battle
Laugh track mode
Jackpot
Take a nap, save game, yes, saves for long time


-- First Playtest Results --
Connect disconnect visual glitch.
Player cap.
Android phones didn't vibrate.
Display crunched on Jake's phone.
Table is not cleared in DynamoDB after the first session for some reason.


Crate puzzle 2 was hard - but not a bad thing?
Players collaborated on the puzzle eventually (and realized they could speak in real time).
Battles used up the entire countdown.
Players didn't emote that much.
Players were funny, especially when stuck in a room.
Be more sarcastic with the world prompt. Say something extremely "helpful" to Tyler. Prompt was not descriptive enough.
Peter felt it most fun when providing answers to a prompt.
Players didn't initially connected the idea that their input contributed to the game, or thought their input would be used later.
Sarah was disappointed the poem didn't connect or flow as well.
Poem room was silent because folks were focusing or confused, too abstract?
Jake and others said that battle move character length and countdown timer was too short.
Adam knew people were coming up with responses during battle.
Adam was looking for an inventory - was confused where items go
Adam liked that he could troll the group with resetting the box puzzle
Sarah liked the individual voices for characters with accents
Sarah liked that she was somewhat anon
People understood battle prompts easily and quickly

Feature: Random response when putting in an empty prompt ....Maybe....
Feature: Two random suggestions they could select.
Feature: Thumbs up emoji.
Feature: More cats.
Feature: Drawing widget?

Idea: Fake bug for Tyler to troll him.
Idea: More Sonic references. More Sanic.
Idea: An escape room.
Idea: Put laugh tracks in the game. Tyler hates laugh tracks.